Kzl 241 document controller (#86)
kuzzleio/documentation-V2: src/sdk-reference/cpp/1/document/delete/index.md

---
layout: sdk.html.hbs
algolia: true
title: delete
description:
order: 200
---

# delete_

> Given a document id, deletes the corresponding document from Kuzzle.

Reviewer: Applying the new API description:

```suggestion
Deletes a document.
```

> Only documents in the persistent data storage layer can be deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The optional parameter refresh can be used with the value wait_for in order to wait for the document to be deleted (and to no longer be available in search).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The optional parameter `refresh` can be used with the value `wait_for` to wait until the deletion is indexed.
```
